well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we're going to talk about
probability pedigree universities and
trust that's we're going to talk about
today talk about that because I got a
friend he is 69 years old
nice I know right okay he is 69 years
old he he's overweight he has diabetes
and coronary artery disease he has been
one of those people who's been prepared
for anything for as long as I've known
him decades decades one of those guys
that was just always prepared for
anything
spent decades of his life staying
prepared however he has fallen to the
Red Hat syndrome somebody in the
administration said that its media
hysteria that it's a hoax it's contained
and he has taken them at their word
despite my best efforts imagine spending
decades of your life being prepared for
situations like this and then dying
because you listen to a con man because
you listen to an idiot you're talking
about administration they can't even
tell the truth about the crowd sighs at
a rally but you're gonna trust me with
your life sometimes you need to take
into account the pedigrees of the
institution you're listening to the
administration is not known for
truthfulness they aren't it's not about
keeping calm for them it's not about
conveying calm
it's about conning people
you have an administration that lies
about literally everything even stuff it
doesn't need to and the founders of
Trump University on one hand and they're
telling you it's a hoax that it's a
liberal plot on the other hand you could
look to institutions like Harvard
Harvard has told its students not to
come back after Spring Break
everything's going online so please for
a moment consider that most students at
Harvard are not in an at-risk
demographic there in that 0.2 percent
range not in the three point six or
eight percent range they're doing that
out of an abundance of caution they
don't want to become a hotbed of
transmission so they're doing their part
and they're conveying calm when doing it
you guys just you know when I can do it
now but don't come back after Spring
Break y'all stay home leadership from a
respectable institution the end of the
day you can trust Harvard or you can
trust Trump University anyway it's just
a fault
y'all have a good day